feat(relase): add note on cluster lease time property (#706)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

Also details were added on how to configure Quartz for timers execution: [quartz performance tunning](performance-tunning.md#cron)

## Cluster locks

A new configuration capability was added:

`bonita.platform.cluster.lock.leaseTimeSeconds` : 

> Specify a maximum time a lock is kept cluster wise. It avoids to have an instance of process indefinitly locked when one node does not release a lock due to errors like network issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a maximum time a lock is kept cluster-wise. It avoids having an instance of process indefinitely locked when one node does not release a lock due to errors like network issues.
```
